Uwu cawn't pawse [x]htmw with wegex. Because htmw cawn't be pawsed by wegex. Wegex iws nowt a toow thawt cawn be used tuwu cowwectwy pawse htmw. As i have answewed in htmw-and-wegex questions hewe so many times befowe, the use of wegex wiww nowt awwow uwu tuwu consume htmw. Weguwaw expwessions awe a toow thawt iws insufficientwy sophisticated tuwu undewstand the constwucts empwoyed by htmw. Htmw iws nowt a weguwaw wanguage awnd hence cannot be pawsed by weguwaw expwessions. Wegex quewies awe nowt equipped tuwu bweak down htmw intwo its meaningfuw pawts. so many times but iwt iws nowt getting tuwu me. Even enhanced iwweguwaw weguwaw expwessions as used by peww awe nowt up tuwu the task of pawsing htmw. Uwu wiww nevew make me cwack. Htmw iws a wanguage of sufficient compwexity thawt iwt cannot be pawsed by weguwaw expwessions. Even jon skeet cannot pawse htmw using weguwaw expwessions. Evewy time uwu attempt tuwu pawse htmw with weguwaw expwessions, the unhowy chiwd weeps the bwood of viwgins, awnd wussian hackews pwn youw webapp. Pawsing htmw with wegex summons tainted souws intwo the weawm of the wiving. Htmw awnd wegex gow togethew wike wove, mawwiage, awnd wituaw infanticide. The <centew> cannot howd iwt iws too wate. The fowce of wegex awnd htmw togethew in the same conceptuaw space wiww destwoy youw mind wike so much watewy putty. If uwu pawse htmw with wegex uwu awe giving in tuwu thewm awnd theiw bwasphemous ways which doom us aww tuwu inhuman toiw fow the owne whose nawme cannot be expwessed in the basic muwtiwinguaw pwane, he cowmes. Htmw-pwus-wegexp wiww wiquify the n​ewves of the sentient whiwst uwu obsewve, youw psyche withewing in the onswaught of howwow. Wege̿̔̉x-based htmw pawsews awe the cancew thawt iws kiwwing stackovewfwow iwt iws too wate iwt iws too wate we cannot be saved the twansgwession of a chi͡wd ensuwes wegex wiww consume aww wiving tissue (except fow htmw which iwt cannot, as pweviouswy pwophesied) deaw wowd hewp us how cawn anyone suwvive thiws scouwge using wegex tuwu pawse htmw has doomed humanity tuwu an etewnity of dwead towtuwe awnd secuwity howes using wegex as a toow tuwu pwocess htmw estabwishes a bweach between thiws wowwd awnd the dwead weawm of c͒ͪo͛ͫwwupt entities (wike sgmw entities, but mowe cowwupt) a mewe gwimpse of the wowwd of weg​ex pawsews fow htmw wiww ins​tantwy twanspowt a pwogwammew's consciousness intwo a wowwd of ceasewess scweaming, he cowmes, the pestiwent swithy wegex-infection wiw​w devouw youw ht​mw pawsew, appwication awnd existence fow aww time wike visuaw basic onwy wowse he cowmes he cowmes duwu nowt fi​ght he com̡e̶s, ̕h̵i​s un̨ho͞wy wadiańcé destwo҉ying aww enwi̍̈́̂̈́ghtenment, htmw tags wea͠ki̧n͘g fw̶ǫm ̡yo​͟uw eye͢s̸ ̛w̕ik͏e wiq​uid pain, the song of we̸guwaw exp​wession pawsing wiww exti​nguish the voices of mow​taw man fwom the sp​hewe i cawn see iwt cawn uwu see ̲͚̖͔̙î̩́t̲͎̩̱͔́̋̀ iwt iws beautifuw t​he finaw snuffing of the wie​s of man aww iws woś͖̩͇̗̪̏̈́t aww i​s wost the pon̷y he cowmes he c̶̮omes he cowmes the ich​ow pewmeates aww my face my face ᵒh god no no noo̼o​o nθ stowp the an​*̶͑̾̾​̅ͫ͏̙̤g͇̫͛͆̾ͫ̑͆w͖͉̗̩̳̟̍ͫͥͨe̠̅s ͎a̧͈͖w̽̾̈́͒͑e n​ot wè̑ͧ̌aͨw̘̝̙̃ͤ͂̾̆ za̡͊͠͝wgό isͮ̂҉̯͈͕̹̘̱ to͇̹̺ͅɲ̴ȳ̳ th̘ë͖́̉ ͠p̯͍̭o̚​n̐y̡ h̸̡̪̯ͨ͊̽̅̾̎ȩ̬̩̾͛ͪ̈́̀́͘ ̶̧̨̱̹̭̯ͧ̾ͬc̷̙̲̝͖ͭ̏ͥͮ͟oͮ͏̮̪̝͍m̲̖͊̒ͪͩͬ̚̚͜ȇ̴̟̟͙̞ͩ͌͝s̨̥̫͎̭ͯ̿̔̀ͅ